[Music]
Welcome to the toxic dump let's see
what's on the menu today want to go
straight to the topic of the
video title Here's the minute until
then Cos varied my people Dale and the
class action lawsuit for the pan
bitcoin issue okay We already saw one of the
ringleaders of this crypt lawsuit Brook
saying that things were going too slow
Gavi Oliveira has been
making fun of this fact And here is an
exchange that
has appeared once again To laugh
at me as well as the
class action but this Random what is he
doing again dude I mean they sent me this
screenshot eh They sent it to me last night at 4
in the morning he sent it to me laughing
what Thanks man but this wasn't the one who
uploaded a debate here that he was
stuttering that I said dude Give me your
[ __ ] well I didn't tell him his
address or anything but he promised
to uh get me a notice of
lawsuit that we could have a trial
in which I sued him okay eh
Simply because I am this guy I don't even
find him or mention him or anything and he has acted
like  500 posts insulting okay look come on [ __ ]
chair I don't know man I don't know you I don't
even know who you are mate I mean the
only thing I know about you is that you did like
some copy paste or copy trading thing
[ __ ] [ __ ] whatever it's called and what and that you
took a ton of money okay that your
followers lost without more I mean I don't know
anything else about you eh you made a video
calling me an accomplice to a scam of
something that I don't have a [ __ ] clue Okay and
what and now what's coming
out is that there is no complaint I
mean there is no complaint accomplice of a
dog do you remember that one I mean and the guy
all the time because we're
obviously saving it in case one day he wants to
show his face and we see each other in the
game no eh They're sending me a
ton of insults all the time this guy that
I don't even run into because I have no
[ __ ] idea who he is okay And because of a
cc mention yesterday that we made the guy
here you already want him a climber I mean without
more you don't give a damn about pambi you
the victims of pambi don't give a damn according to you and
you don't give a damn about anything you're a climber you've
had a little bit of attention and 2000
views talking about Dallas during the
viral pambi topic of the summer And you don't
let go of the subject mate That's all you have get
yourself the guy there who's
going to have something he doesn't say that it's a
complaint that doesn't exist and that he can't even
talk he can't even talk that it's false that
at no time is anything going to be released
and such and such here several things is that
literally since the call you haven't
mentioned it is that I don't mention it [ __ ]
but the thing is that I don't even run into this guy I mean it's that I don't
even run into him I was
surprised that he was here
talking about me the truth I mean what's happening
is this the one we read
yesterday's tweet not about that [ __ ] not that there is no
complaint because there isn't one you want me to
tell you dude I mean We laugh because it
was to laugh because It's obvious not the
first thing what Javiera is doing
is practically reportable and what she
is doing laughing at you and her plan
is very  It's simple to discourage people from
filing a complaint because
the fewer people filing a complaint, the less
force the complaint will have. In this whole
text, if you have, if you have a
complaint with evidence of fraud,
even if one files a complaint, even if one files one. I mean,
what else, what does it matter if there's one, if there are
100, I mean, if there's one, the crime is
still charged and it's still prosecuted.
But it's a lawsuit, it's a
complaint or what is it because there's
nothing. I mean, there's nothing,
Pablo already told you. Now let's read Pablo's text,
they explain all the details and
all the phone numbers and all the things.
Well, the summary is that there is no lawsuit.
That's the update, no, let's see, for whatever reason, well, there is
n't one. Let's see, it's a
lawsuit that was already paid, eh, they
showed the invoice and all that, it can't
be, now, now, now, I understand why it
surprises you, I understand why it surprises you, the
truth, eh. I was
really surprised, the truth is, I already thought that I was going to
go for the
preliminary hearing. Dallas charged with 38 and a
half crimes, I think.  even Dallas had the
PayPal wrongly seized
Serene's corpse in the freezer and the truth is that I did
n't expect that at this point there wouldn't be a
lawsuit, the truth is I think that there has to be
some clarification
eh I mean, the thing about there being no lawsuit, I do
n't believe the other things Look, I
understand that it could be a bit of a
lie but the thing about there being no
lawsuit, the truth is something that I couldn't
see eh I don't say anything at the time
about not believing that there was going to be a
lawsuit because if I had told him they
would have said dog per clara You have to say what
the mob says and it was
quite credible That's their job and that
's what their [ __ ] master sent them Oh
really, oh what a ridiculous thing
really Oh I don't even know when the
last day I spoke to Dallas was the
last day I spoke to Dallas was
the 26th How long has that been eh it's the
2nd because it's 12 at night and it's
marking two but well it's been
day one so I haven't spoken for like 5 days
I haven't talked to Dallas about
this topic, man. Do you think I'm going to
talk to Dallas about your [ __ ]
tweet? That we've given him the ball
because we wanted to because
things are low on the subject and without
mentioning you, Javi is lying. Remember
like two months ago, Cristof Bru
said there was one week left. And then he said
no one else could sign up, I
totally didn't remember that one. It's
true, there's one week left, eh? Whoever doesn't
sign up is out, there's nothing,
family, but there's nothing, just like there
was no hitman. And just like there was nothing. There
was nothing. It's a cryptocurrency, it's a
meme coin like now, look, I'm right now
at three meme coins or two,
how much am I, you can see? You don't have
my wallet there. Look, I'm in resen and in
wang, a chill, okay. What invest tells me is
that it seems good to him. We get in,
okay. And that's it, I mean, it's a meme coin, there
are people who won, there are people who lost
and no. You're not going to do anything, and if you do it
for, for trying to scratch a little bit
of the same fame that  you had to pay
attention that they paid you a little attention
in July without more, that's it, that's it,
Dallas is no longer viral or giving
gossip or anything, the kid is doing his
thing making his content, let's see and
this happens to them a lot, eh when they have 1
gram of attention on a topic they don't
let go, you have to know, man, man, it's lamentable,
eh lamentable apart, it's ridiculous, I
mean, it's ridiculous I mean, it's ridiculous, man, it's
ridiculous, it's, I mean, hitmen, there are no
hitmen, but hitmen but disguised as and of
food delivery men, what are you
talking about, man, they said that Dallas
paid a hitman, man, Dallas paid
Aryan, for God's sake, they started saying it and
spreading it and giving it credibility, which was the
worst thing And giving it credibility, I don't know what
's worse because you may like it, you
may dislike Dallas and each of us
will have our opinion on the
Dallas controversies, but give
credibility to a delox please who
fell in love with that Cristo
Cristo Spain thing when everything came out
that he was promoting it and he deleted
the entire channel  whole for God And nobody has
said anything about that witch a kiss and come on
but come on it's not like giving the ball to Delox
Because look when you know him Look at
what happened to me I had some
collaborations with him here and the whole thing is
worth it And I thought the kid was
different but now give it now give it ball
to the crazy Raet now give it ball to the crazy
Raed please and that clown Ricky
saying that he has a
restraining order when he couldn't stop being an
[ __ ] really it's that these are things that
I don't know if I say things I'm the
dog if I say things I'm the dog
but what a dog [ __ ] but they're
saying that [ __ ] a
restraining order that the police station closes at
3 in the afternoon and that's why Dallas can
enter after 3 in the afternoon do
yes they were saying that [ __ ]
please about Serene the one they hooked up
with Serene man the moment she looks at you
here there's a moment when you have to
graduate when she's going crazy she's not
going crazy Okay when she's going
crazy  going from I'm not going to say it I'm not
going to say it I'm going to say it I'm going to
say it I'm not going to say it I'm not going to
say it I'm not going to say it look damn dog damn dog
damn dog coer let's see at the moment
that you are It's that I'm not going to say it I'm not
going to say it I don't want to mention a
person and say at the moment that you are
on the same side as x person there you
are totally going crazy there htel look
when it is when when there are
some
people Okay when there are certain people I put my standard
there okay when there are certain people who
suddenly are positioning themselves on
your side oh that is not the place people have
signed up hundreds of
people have signed up and they are providing
documentation hundreds of people are
people from all countries in the world
who are providing documentation
some have to follow a process others
have to follow another process and since
there are hundreds of people It's normal
that there are about 30, about 40 Well, they
are delaying a little but but if you
are saying on your Twitter that
please more people should sign up because if not
enough people sign up it doesn't have
any weight, man  little by little we are moving forward until we
have the documentation of
all those affected Oh everyone Of course yes yes there
is a lawsuit filed for an
alleged scam that happened in June, whoever has
not shown up since they do not
want to show up Javier Levira
understands it and knows that the complaint is real
Yes yes let's go I am completely
convinced that the complaint is real and I
am lying because because I want to
cover up The big scam In fact not only does he
know that it is real but that it is one of the
things that will do the most damage to
Dallas During the next few years it is as
simple as it is and little by little we are
moving forward little by little come on in a couple of
years we will file it but in the meantime your
job is to discourage people from filing a
complaint My job is to discourage people from
filing
a complaint as if the complaint
matters to me a [ __ ] [ __ ] And
what the [ __ ] do I care what the [ __ ] do I care about
the stupid things he does But if we go on
anyway, although why would
I want to avoid something that has nothing to
do with me that is from a guy that
I get along with from the internet that they
fix him up if something ever happens to him
in his life in about 6 years
Okay and what and it's going to
be gossip a joke sorry and it's going to
be a joke I've been talking to the
lawyer about these same people they said that
Delos was going to go to prison
okay And that Delos was being chased by the
FBI almost okay And that this is what happened to
Delos for doing so much scam and I don't
know what about Delos doing his [ __ ]
things and his things nothing has happened to him
and the only case that he has pending is with
Pablo you understand Or do they
really are things that really are things
that we no longer have to take them Like this not
the current situation and exactly
Delos said the same thing and now he takes a
picture with Delos in person next
But if you have an invoice if you showed
an invoice in which the lawsuit was already
How are you going to have an invoice And
that there is no lawsuit no no I don't understand
how things work dude it was going to
arrive in September then in October
then in November and in December you
tell me that it will arrive You don't have any
complaint neither false nor true has not
filed  a [ __ ] [ __ ] in I have played there is
nothing it's smoke demand with the
Turbo plan syndrome that seems to never
Advance or arrive or what later crypt
Brook would demonstrate through the
law firm's website that at least something is
going on or you yourself go to the website and you
see the active complaints that the
detail has veteres asks you something Javi
or or any person like that
arbistar is a scam contta something
Javi and you see the denado that at least something is
going on or you yourself go to the website and you
see the active complaints that leta
beter has letai betero Like what is the name of the
law firm what is the name of the law
firm how what is the name of the law
firm letai beterete what the [ __ ] what he
said I imagine it will be some numbers
How did he say the name of the
website chat letai beterete what the [ __ ] what he
said can you spell it for me please
guys guys it's called letai beterete
But what the [ __ ] is that Lita you are Lita eer
Lita beter lawyers okay these are the
lawyers the  that appear in the video Lita
beterete okay web
cryptocurrency scams see all the review is coming
soon there is no complaint there is no there is
nothing
Coming soon Coming soon second
season but Hey they can put it on
watch out eh Oh I should have looked
to see if the others had filled in the
gaps per ask one thing Javi or or
any person like that arbar is
a scam yes cualian is a scam yes
eh What happens for example with bit wabi
Javi look at nimbus and crypt Spain Uy what does it
remind me of nimbos and Cristo Spain who
was related to those issues who
was related to those issues let's see
Lita and go see Cristo Spain damn
now in a way Yeah okay it has some
text that I think is like explaining the
situation but I don't understand very well I think it's
half not in nimbus Yes yes of course
the rest does have things written of course
the rest explains a little no how it works And
what it's about and all the roll that is not from
your friend the the the the ic cool this
is also a scam Okay what do we have
with Mind capital another scam  you see we don't
have here all the scams that
these people are involved in I ask what
is Nimbus and who is closing
This is already ridiculous it's not even
funny to call you a dog it's crazy And
with Dallas not to mention 10 years and they continue
how lazy and who is closing
This is already ridiculous it's not even funny to
call you a dog it's
crazy to talk it's been 10 years and they continue I
owe you 5 bucks Suso you have sent it
twice but now how lazy eh the
dog thing about this thing about that thing e What is
Nimbus you don't say that Delox is a
scammer for having sold Nimbus who
it but if you say it me I me to Delo I have
never called him a scammer for having
sold Nimbus that I that I that I have
said that Delox is a scammer
you say it that you say it with the one you
hang out with you that with Delox you don't go
announcing the procedure How does it work
because now he takes pictures of you with him that I
say to Delos a scammer but if
you are the one who has 500 these videos Adelo
saying the scammer And now you're in
photos with him why would a
law firm have the Nimbus case as an
active case and along with all these
scams confirmed
web the Dallas review scam is
marking these people a small clip
who knows I want to see tangible things
dec that a law firm This was
fabric put with a news from wimu This
was brutal Eh This was the
law firm of this good This that he
screwed us over would have to be seen Eh This would have to be
seen eh this
eh It seemed really strange to me what the hell
happened there this is the
law firm of Joan Planas okay published on
its website or rather published on its
website that wismichu was convicted of a
lawsuit for violation of honor against
a woman which I don't remember if
they were talking about a streamer or a youtuber
okay And that they had sentenced him to pay
eh 600 and publish the ruling and I don't know what and
that the streamer the the one who was violated He had
decided that the compensation was going to be donated
to I don't know what thing Okay  and it turns out
that that news was
posted on the lawyers' page
Well, I don't know if it was a year until I exploded
in one of these that were getting on my
nerves That they had
convicted me and I got it out because I had it
there you know what for, I wasn't saying
anything so that they say that I have, I have
so many things Look at Win michu eh me
because the because it's that I still don't know
what the hell my lawyer is going to be because
Pablo isn't in charge of this Win
michu thing and these people are in charge of another
law firm and I don't want to change it
because each one has what those who already
know I don't know what they will do if they are
going to sue him or not for the
conversations that he published if Sorry, I'm
not buying the first kiss Suso
but without me I would not have
thought of suing him I will answer him
but it's that we go from here there to
have answered him if he wants
private things and conversations and things that
go away and audios and things that are there you know it's
like dude and this seemed really weird to me dude
and this is one of the things that I knew
And I had never said  nothing until until until I took it
out in that cinema and
suddenly it was taken out suddenly it was taken
out and the firm eliminated it of course
at that time Joan Planas
was with that firm they now talk
to these people because these people Win
Michu and
others to his good Win Michu coneto not the girlfriend to the procedures Well Joan Plana carries the sentence now they talk to Joan Plana and they support each other and all that stuff Well the firm deleted the news about Win Michu okay And in
theory well it was false I don't know if they ever
put something or not no I don't think it was Win
Michu who said it was false I don't
remember if I don't remember if the
lawyers put something but to me it
sounded very strange to me the truth it sounded very strange to me I mean
like a
law firm also well because they are not I mean
That is the law firm it is no longer run by the
lawyer who runs it now that
Mario Bonacho runs it but that is the
law firm it belonged to Antonio Zapatero
who is a very prestigious and well
known lawyer  in Spain very very very well known
eh And and with some pretty
important contacts you know and a law firm just makes a
mistake by publishing that
someone has that they've won a
lawsuit against someone and on top of that they make up
that data I mean it's not like random no no
600 euros I don't know what I don't know how much but
yes I don't know if there's something else that we don't
know about that subject I mean you
imagine that suddenly I don't know if there's something
else that we don't know about that subject it will come out
with time I don't know but it was weird
weird this eh a law firm
on top of that they blamed me I
remember that they blamed me for
breaking the news you know for breaking the news
not for commenting on it not a news that
they had published but this La Movida
that was weird eh I mean here either there's
something that we don't know or it's worth it to the law
firm esteche or brave law firm
that they make up on their website
a sentence you understand me I'm
taking things with a pinch of salt finally
crypto brujo said that Javi is going to
be screwed  in this case and whether he likes it or not he is going to
be splashed what he is doing
is so underhand and so it is so easy to
see that this is practically
reportable you are going to appear in the
Pambi trial for several things for having
taken 0.500 that was where the
Bet came from that now we are going to talk about Oh what a
character What a ridiculous
thing Really what a ridiculous thing man What a
ridiculous thing it seems that it is
clear he is talking to little children
telling them you know eh for having earned
money from Pambi for having
laundered the scam and for continuing to
launder the scam What the hell are they going to
report anyone who has earned money
for having earned money with a
cryptocurrency or for not thinking that it is
a scam or for not saying it that it makes no
sense what
this guy is saying eh it is a proven scam
said proven that by
Dallas himself said by the delo himself said
by me by crypto experts said by
raet everyone suddenly says that
PAMI is a scam but now the
PAMI complaint does not make sense
Because for me it is not that it does not have to no  there is that there is no
creature a scam
according to you well it is that it is
lamentable it is lamentable I swear it is
lamentable it is Where is Serene
lamentable is the hitmen dressed as
food delivery men I think the
thing is very clear I think you have lied
in all places especially if it
has to do with Pambi why because you
are wet to the pants Oh
Really what a bad thing who is more paranoid
Turbo flat outer Play no Hey don't tell me
anything this character is telling me you
are wet to the pants and
your balls are going to fall to the ground when
the collective complaint of Pambi reaches
where it has to reach where later
but if I will be dead but if I will be
dead What happens they are going to ask me
Well then that's it well then I
will show them my conversations and I
will show them my wallets and my things and what and what they
find out what they have to
find out I have nothing to hide
I have nothing to hide per clear
the thing is that I am alive after
Dallas and after the team they call
you to testify be after Dallas and
after the team  call me [ __ ] I wo
n't even be on YouTube kid I'll have
reached 5000 members and no and we'll be
gone okay Why have you been one of
the only people who have been able to get
more than two CIF of the only people
kid Give him those 10,500 so he can
buy some SENICS No but
you'll see look at this guy what happens is that he's
putting on a show because he's
living in his cousin's [ __ ] And he
thinks that nothing's going to happen to him there
but we're going to sue him we're going to
sue him I mean he's been saying stupid things for a [ __ ] year
and all of them accompanied by
insulting expressions and a
bunch of nonsense we're going to report you we
're going to report you and I'm not going to be the
only one who's going to report you Dallas too
Christ what's your name I don't know who the
[ __ ] you're a random we're going to report you
And if we have to report you in Dubai we're
going to report you in Dubai that's not
nonsense dude you're making a
fool of yourself you're making a fool of yourself to
get 2 grams of attention Look you made an
8 minute video  just with 2000
visits, wow, what fame you've gained And yesterday
all desperate sending me messages
super desperate calling me to get in
here here you already came in and I told you what
was there is no good for you, well out now when we
find out How to notify you,
okay For now I have something, I
have something there so that it reaches you, okay,
well
we will send it to you and little else and we will see
and we will see you in court not
recognizing what you have said here, I
already dislike this situation,
they talk and come out with stupid
profit figures investing absolute
[ __ ] How could you make a just in case a just in
case or in your money in things 24 and how
could you make perfect sales V that
are not perfect that delos has already
explained that they are not perfect that you
yourself had to rectify these
same words that you are saying
again man, you will have to prove all that and
not that I do not have to prove anything
that if you make something up and you
want to get me into anything
you are the one who has to prove it, I do not have to
prove anything,
you will have to prove it and with Dalas  maybe
you or your lawyer will have to prove it,
whoever wants to sue. Okay, so let's see if it
's true that you notify me. And that way I
can sue you because that's what I
'm looking forward to. Okay, because you're
going to pay me 100%, I mean, this is a
lawsuit like Olih Huerta's 100% with
the nonsense he's said, I haven't
said anything to him because I can't find him, I ca
n't find him, he's just a random,
absolutely a random, one of those
geeky kids who wants
famous YouTubers to talk to him, okay, without further
ado, notify me. I'll give you my address, I'll give you
my details or I'll give
you, well, you have Pablo. I'm here. I'm here if I have something that I'm super notifiable. I'm super handy, everything that needs to reach me will reach me, okay. So notify me that I'm going to file a lawsuit against you, eh, here in
Spain or in Dubai or wherever it's necessary, I don't care, or even be
able to prove it. And
why, after you knew that this was
a scam, you kept saying that it
wasn't a scam? And why were you
discouraging that I can say whatever
I want like if I want to say
that you're handsome or that you're thin
or that your jaw is visible that I can
say whatever I want that me
saying that Pambi is not a scam is not
suable okay or I mean it's not suable I
can say whatever I want what the [ __ ] what the
[ __ ] are you going to be suable
is that you made the nonsense that you're
saying in a heat of the moment to try Oh
Javi talked for half a second about me
Javi Javi Javi Javi please catch me
please Javi catch me catch me but if I put you
here one day and you stutter And you're there you're
there that you can't even speak why do you
want to go up again why do you
want
to go up again if you're there that you can't even speak kid Give me a place where I can notify you that I'll understand you But in person Give me a place where I can notify you that I'll understand you But in person not on the
computer screen and eating
cheetos at at at 10,000 km Give me a place
where  I can notify you that you'll see
if you know about me or not that you
are scared okay but what a nonsense
man that you knew that this was a scam you
kept saying that it wasn't a
scam And why were you discouraging
the class action Therefore
you are discouraging it since you don't have any
class action complaint or any lawsuit
you are discouraging it You think you
are reliable you think that I If I had to
sue or report
someone I'm going to contact you
kid You think that I'm
going to contact you this kid How
old is he out of curiosity Well I don't know
but he has the mentality of a
5 year old kid really really
Dallas is going to jail Oh we'll
see my people as my grandfather would say
time will tell he never really said it
but I don't know it goes deeper
now let's go with choca e Pablo has posted something
about this let's see if I can see it ap phew what a
pain several things one when you have to
insist so much on the dog thing about It's that
this is apart from
gratuitous insults This is for  that they
applaud you and so that they follow you now the
sick zombies very
sick people you know people very very
very sick people like the ones we
're talking about these Twitter accounts
and stuff and stuff like that it's like look look
please support me I'm calling
Javi 1q a dog literally very very very
sick very sick a kiss
handsome Christopher at his master's and in that
sick search for attention it's that literally
or rather people who have the networks
dedicated to me he mentions them for 5 seconds 5
seconds and their lives are spent calling
Look at the guy making calls and calls
and calls calls and calls look what
the creature just posted I mean he's already found
out that we're live
talking about him I mean man you're lying to your wife
maybe you don't have a limit of
ridiculousness you don't have a limit of ridiculousness in
the 5 minutes that we've been here talking about
him he's found out that we
're mentioning him live looking looking for a
little thing looking for something looking for a little thing
looking for something a Random he can
send me 28 tweets a year that I find out
about some of others no  But he's a
random a kiss handsome
no there is no lawsuit nor is there a criminal complaint
period There is nothing filed that there is an
office that has convinced a few
dozen people to file a
class action lawsuit that it has not yet
been able to file by definition
means that there is no criminal complaint
whatsoever the lawsuit that Javi wants to file
Not only Javi some more too that we are
going to file it you know that we are
going to file it Even if it takes up to 4
years we can take it you know or so there is no
rush It will be put as soon as they get your
information it's simple but the thing is Spain is a
serious place and we are adults you can't
go to a court and say I want to sue
Christ bru you don't sue a meme
here we sue people with a name and
ID that you want to give us I mean if you
were so sure and you were such a
millionaire okay I'll come to you no And you
are so sure that you can
prove everything in court and I say to you
Hey See you in court and you would
say yes see you because I don't care
and I'm going to pay the costs but he
doesn't do it why Because you're scared
because you know that  they are going to condemn you And you are
going to have to pay me now
in 6 months in a year in
four I am in no hurry I am in no
hurry okay that's why he doesn't do it I mean
if x comes to me and says I'm going
to sue you Tell me a place where I
tell him Well take look here you can
notify him do it okay the
pambisitos and dogs would come out to say that the
complaint is false the pambisitos
the dogs and any person with an
average IQ will come out I will explain it to you in another way
so that even you understand if the
meegildo wants to get a
driver's license he has done the psychotechnical test he has already
taken his ID and has
paid the traffic fees he has a
driver's license no there is no
driver's license if in an office they have spoken
with people they have asked wait Let's
solve this better wait he has blocked me he has
blocked me he has blocked me there is nothing
family don't believe anything from these
charlatans anymore And of course don't even think about
it or even cross your
mind the lawsuit is in the room with
we bru don't even think about
falling for these
charlatans' channels eh invest absolutely
nothing in anything that
these people recommend or anything like that eh I mean be
very careful with that eh Look look look
what he's doing while he's
cheating on your wife just like
your audience Javi olveira doggy emoji
the lawsuit is the parents and you
tell your little girls what does his father do
for a living instrumentalize justice
live off of lying and suing people
to silence them does it hurt you when they tell you
those little things it hurts me a lot if it
hurts you it must be for a reason you're not ashamed of what he
does that's your little problem I don't
care if my family knows what I
do eh Well maybe your
family does
n't know what you do But well probably Maybe I'll have to notify your family's homes because you're not going to put one of yours up obviously no what little thing dude I mean he's so mad right now he's so mad right now imagine him at his house super frustrated
Okay  imagine him right now at home
super like this Javi didn't pick up the phone did
n't wait yy AC let's open direct
to be on call right away okay he
blocked me when I started to
call him and he picked up and started
trying to see if with personal attacks
mentioning family and that let's see if that's how
cosit cristob bru for you to give me
a ruo okay Whether in real life or
on the internet you already have to eat you already have to
eat you have to eat
Christ bru my son I already like the things
of who comes king but how ridiculous it just
happens heart and how good it was
live eh How good it was
live wasn't it enough I did
n't have enough with what
the other guy did the other time eh a and no there's
no lawsuit I think that with this it
's crystal clear no well handsome
God
man I can't imagine it man a kiss
must let's see family Oh I was going to give you a
challenge man but challenges don't go here
man Challenges don't go here
you I don't know why they don't put me Here the
subject of  Super chat challenges uncle so we could
arrive How are the members doing today
fear fear eh I mean they
literally live 24 hours not the Christ
bru eh the Christ bru is simply a
fame seeker but The wigs the other one and
these Twitter accounts who are
kids Go see what kind of
people no who are completely 24
hours super sick watching each of
my content eh 259 members kids
ruin they are winning eh they are winning eh
family
2159 let's update the bar they are
winning eh family are winning eh they are
winning kids let's
update the bar they are psychopaths you have to
have no no but listen to me they are
ruining us eh 259 members eh they are
getting it Eh This is sinking eh In
the public Let's see let's update the
bar unfortunately eh it is what there is it
depends on you guys next
day we go down from 1000 eh next day we
go down from 1000 eh members the salsera
target amount 3000 259  Oh
my goodness
259 kids Okay, let's start with
the doc, let's go El Cacho, let's start
with the Doc
[Music]